The young master is so wise.
Very clever.
Be wise
Absolutely wise.
Hey, you will all support the young master's decision later.
Completely support
Hey, if everyone supports me like that.
So I'm going to continue as CEO.
Fix the herd and distribute the prize money to everyone.
Thank you, Master Qin.
Oh, thank you for what?
Thank you, young master.
Thank you, beast.
Now everyone has a ticket.
Go ahead.
Back waiting for dividend
All right, all right.
Thank you, Master Qin.
Haha, how's Xiaoqiang?
Am I good?
These shareholders all support me.
These are just small shareholders.
The dividend per year is several million.
You directly give them a hundred million.
Not supporting who do you support?
subsidize them with their own money.
That's stupid.
Master is very good.
The young master can show you even more clearly.
Hey.
The young master couldn't drink anymore.
You'll get drunk again.
Xiao Qiang, why are you suddenly so smart?
The young master will reward you for playing games with me.
Hey, I'm telling you, young master Miyamoto.
I'm not as stupid as you are.